readme.md, before:

# snip
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/tcd/snip.svg)](https://github.com/tcd/snip/issues)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/tcd/snip.svg)](https://github.com/tcd/snip/blob/master/LICENSE)

## Snippets
- [**TextMate Snippets**](http://manual.macromates.com/en/snippets)

### Atom
- [Atom Flight Manual » Snippets](https://flight-manual.atom.io/using-atom/sections/snippets/)
- [atom/snippets](https://github.com/atom/snippets)
- Samples
  - [atom/language-html](https://github.com/atom/language-html/blob/master/snippets/language-html.cson)
  - [atom/language-javascript](https://github.com/atom/language-javascript/blob/master/snippets/language-javascript.cson)
  - [webbushka/atom-react-snippets](https://github.com/webbushka/atom-react-snippets)
  - [joseramonc/rails-snippets](https://github.com/joseramonc/rails-snippets)

### Emacs
- [joaotavora/yasnippet](https://github.com/joaotavora/yasnippet)
- [emacswiki - Yasnippet](https://www.emacswiki.org/emacs/Yasnippet)

### Sublime
- [Extending Sublime Text » Snippets](http://docs.sublimetext.info/en/latest/extensibility/snippets.html)
- [Meduim - Sublime3 Snippets](https://medium.freecodecamp.org/a-guide-to-preserving-your-wrists-with-sublime-text-snippets-7541662a53f2)
- [~~bobthecow/sublime-sane-snippets~~](https://github.com/bobthecow/sublime-sane-snippets)
- Samples
  - [babel/babel-sublime-snippets](https://github.com/babel/babel-sublime-snippets)
  - [JasonMortonNZ/bs3-sublime-plugin](https://github.com/JasonMortonNZ/bs3-sublime-plugin)
  - [tadast/sublime-rails-snippets](https://github.com/tadast/sublime-rails-snippets)
  - [jprichardson/sublime-js-snippets](https://github.com/jprichardson/sublime-js-snippets)
  - [zenorocha/sublime-javascript-snippets](https://github.com/zenorocha/sublime-javascript-snippets)

### Vim
- [vim snippet engines](http://vim-wiki.mawercer.de/wiki/topic/text-snippets-skeletons-templates.html)
  - [garbas/vim-snipmate](https://github.com/garbas/vim-snipmate)
  - [SirVer/ultisnips](https://github.com/SirVer/ultisnips)
  - [Shougo/neosnippet.vim](https://github.com/Shougo/neosnippet.vim)
  - [Shougo/deoppet.nvim](https://github.com/Shougo/deoppet.nvim)
- Samples
  - [honza/vim-snippets](https://github.com/honza/vim-snippets)
  - [Shougo/neosnippet-snippets](https://github.com/Shougo/neosnippet-snippets)

### VSCode
- [Creating your own Snippets](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/userdefinedsnippets)
- Samples
  - [xabikos/vscode-react](https://github.com/xabikos/vscode-react)
  - [Snippet Extensions](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/search?target=VSCode&category=Snippets&sortBy=Downloads)
  - [`microsoft/vscode/extensions/*/snippets/*`](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode/tree/master/extensions)

### Xcode
- Samples
  - [burczyk/XcodeSwiftSnippets](https://github.com/burczyk/XcodeSwiftSnippets)

### Other
- [Emmet Snippets](https://docs.emmet.io/customization/snippets/)
- [Alfred3 Snippets](https://www.alfredapp.com/help/features/snippets/)
- TODO: Visual Studio
- TODO: JetBrains Editors

## [License](https://github.com/tcd/snip/blob/master/LICENSE)

Commit message:

Add links to related projects in readme

readme.md, after:

# snip
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/tcd/snip.svg)](https://github.com/tcd/snip/issues)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/tcd/snip.svg)](https://github.com/tcd/snip/blob/master/LICENSE)

## Snippets
- [**TextMate Snippets**](http://manual.macromates.com/en/snippets)

### Atom
- [Atom Flight Manual » Snippets](https://flight-manual.atom.io/using-atom/sections/snippets/)
- [atom/snippets](https://github.com/atom/snippets)
- Samples
  - [atom/language-html](https://github.com/atom/language-html/blob/master/snippets/language-html.cson)
  - [atom/language-javascript](https://github.com/atom/language-javascript/blob/master/snippets/language-javascript.cson)
  - [webbushka/atom-react-snippets](https://github.com/webbushka/atom-react-snippets)
  - [joseramonc/rails-snippets](https://github.com/joseramonc/rails-snippets)

### Emacs
- [joaotavora/yasnippet](https://github.com/joaotavora/yasnippet)
- [emacswiki - Yasnippet](https://www.emacswiki.org/emacs/Yasnippet)

### Sublime
- [Extending Sublime Text » Snippets](http://docs.sublimetext.info/en/latest/extensibility/snippets.html)
- [Meduim - Sublime3 Snippets](https://medium.freecodecamp.org/a-guide-to-preserving-your-wrists-with-sublime-text-snippets-7541662a53f2)
- [~~bobthecow/sublime-sane-snippets~~](https://github.com/bobthecow/sublime-sane-snippets)
- Samples
  - [babel/babel-sublime-snippets](https://github.com/babel/babel-sublime-snippets)
  - [JasonMortonNZ/bs3-sublime-plugin](https://github.com/JasonMortonNZ/bs3-sublime-plugin)
  - [tadast/sublime-rails-snippets](https://github.com/tadast/sublime-rails-snippets)
  - [jprichardson/sublime-js-snippets](https://github.com/jprichardson/sublime-js-snippets)
  - [zenorocha/sublime-javascript-snippets](https://github.com/zenorocha/sublime-javascript-snippets)

### Vim
- [vim snippet engines](http://vim-wiki.mawercer.de/wiki/topic/text-snippets-skeletons-templates.html)
  - [garbas/vim-snipmate](https://github.com/garbas/vim-snipmate)
  - [SirVer/ultisnips](https://github.com/SirVer/ultisnips)
  - [Shougo/neosnippet.vim](https://github.com/Shougo/neosnippet.vim)
  - [Shougo/deoppet.nvim](https://github.com/Shougo/deoppet.nvim)
- Samples
  - [honza/vim-snippets](https://github.com/honza/vim-snippets)
  - [Shougo/neosnippet-snippets](https://github.com/Shougo/neosnippet-snippets)

### VSCode
- [Creating your own Snippets](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/userdefinedsnippets)
- Samples
  - [xabikos/vscode-react](https://github.com/xabikos/vscode-react)
  - [Snippet Extensions](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/search?target=VSCode&category=Snippets&sortBy=Downloads)
  - [`microsoft/vscode/extensions/*/snippets/*`](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode/tree/master/extensions)

### Xcode
- Samples
  - [burczyk/XcodeSwiftSnippets](https://github.com/burczyk/XcodeSwiftSnippets)

### Other
- [Emmet Snippets](https://docs.emmet.io/customization/snippets/)
- [Alfred3 Snippets](https://www.alfredapp.com/help/features/snippets/)
- TODO: Visual Studio
- TODO: JetBrains Editors

## Related Projects
- [pawelgrzybek/snippet-generator (JS)](https://github.com/pawelgrzybek/snippet-generator) - Snippet generator for Visual Studio Code, Sublime Text and Atom
- [idleberg/atomizr-cli (JS/TS)](https://github.com/idleberg/atomizr-cli) - Convert snippets for Atom, Sublime Text, TextMate, and Visual Studio Code
- [digitaldrummerj/convert-snippets-to-vscode (JS)](https://github.com/digitaldrummerj/convert-snippets-to-vscode) - Convert Textmate or Sublime Snippets to VSCode Format
- [RickStrahl/VisualStudioSnippetConverter (C#)](https://github.com/joaotavora/yasmate) - Utility to convert Visual Studio Code Snippets to VS Code and Rider.
- [joaotavora/yasmate (ELisp/Ruby)](https://github.com/joaotavora/yasmate) - Convert textmate bundles to yasnippet format 
- [mattfidler/textmate-to-yas.el (ELisp/Pearl)](https://github.com/mattfidler/textmate-to-yas.el) - Import Textmate bundles to Yasnippet (0.7+) snippets

## [License](https://github.com/tcd/snip/blob/master/LICENSE)
